[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
type = PO

[cubeengine.backpack]
file_filter = backpack/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = backpack/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.border]
file_filter = border/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = border/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.chat]
file_filter = chat/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = chat/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.chopchop]
file_filter = chopchop/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = chopchop/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.customcommands]
file_filter = customcommands/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = customcommands/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.donations]
file_filter = donations/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = donations/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.fly]
file_filter = fly/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = fly/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.fun]
file_filter = fun/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = fun/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.hide]
file_filter = hide/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = hide/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.holiday]
file_filter = holiday/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = holiday/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.itemrepair]
file_filter = itemrepair/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = itemrepair/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.kits]
file_filter = kits/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = kits/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.log]
file_filter = log/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = log/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.powertools]
file_filter = powertools/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = powertools/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.rulebook]
file_filter = rulebook/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = rulebook/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.selector]
file_filter = selector/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = selector/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.shout]
file_filter = shout/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = shout/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.signmarket]
file_filter = signmarket/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = signmarket/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.spawn]
file_filter = spawn/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = spawn/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.spawner]
file_filter = spawner/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = spawner/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.vaultlink]
file_filter = vaultlink/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = vaultlink/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.vote]
file_filter = vote/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = vote/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.writer]
file_filter = writer/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = writer/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

